Added steps for normal user authentication (#20443)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests.md

  - sign
```

## Normal User

> Few steps are required in order to get normal to be able to authenticate and invoke API. First, this user must have certificate issued by the Kubernetes Cluster, and then present that Certificate into the API call as the Certificate Header, or through the kubectl.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "to get normal" means in this context.

Author: I think it is a mistypo, it should be 'to get normal user'

Author: @jimangel, refer to this [commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/20443/commits/b2d21616d8c527c7ad3c55d904f96b427a2af654)

### Create Private Key

The following scripts show how to generate PKI private key and CSR. It is important to set CN and O attribute of the CSR. CN is the name of the user and O is the group that this user will belong to. You can refer to [RBAC](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) for standard groups.

```
openssl genrsa -out john.key 2048
openssl req -new -key john.key -out john.csr
```

### Create Certificate Request Kubernetes Object

> You then need to create a CertificateSigningRequest and submit it to Kubernetes Cluster via kubectl. Below is script to generate one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a CertificateSigningRequest and submit it to Kubernetes Cluster via kubectl. Below is script to generate one.
```

Author: @jimangel , updated the content,  see this commit #7bf6547bb0665178ab80b6c330638c2d750c1e8f

  usages:
  - client auth
```

Few points to note:

- usage has to be 'client auth'

> - request is the base64 encoded value of the CSR file content. You can use this command to get that ```cat john.csr | base64 | tr -d "\n"```

Reviewer: What about doing something like in https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster/#create-a-certificate-signing-request-object-to-send-to-the-kubernetes-api where the request data is generated dynamically?

### Approve Certificate Request

> You will need to use kubeadmin to get CSR and approve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use kubeadmin to create a CSR and approve it.
```

Author: @jimangel  I updated in the this [commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/20443/commits/eefe9b19bf7ada26762fbce603d8591aee5d68f2)

Get the list of CSRs
```
kubectl get csr
```

Approve the CSR
```
kubectl certificate approve john
```

### Get the Certificate

> Once the CSR is approved, you can collect the Certificate by getting it from the CSR itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the Certificate from the CSR.
```

Author: @jimangel  I updated in the this [commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/20443/commits/eefe9b19bf7ada26762fbce603d8591aee5d68f2)

```

> kubectl get csr/john -oyaml

Reviewer: Minor nit:
```suggestion
kubectl get csr/john -o yaml
```

Author: @jimangel actually -oyaml also works. Anyway, I updated in the this [commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/20443/commits/eefe9b19bf7ada26762fbce603d8591aee5d68f2)

```

The Certifcate value is in Base64 format, under status.certificate.

### Create Role and Role Binding

You get the Certificate already. Now it is time to define the Role and Role Binding for this user to access Kubernetes Cluster resources.

This is a sample script to create role for this new user
```
kubectl create role developer --verb=create --verb=get --verb=list --verb=update --verb=delete --resource=pods
```

This is a sample script to create role binding for this new user
```
kubectl create rolebinding developer-binding-john --role=developer --user=john
```

### Add to KubeConfig

The last step is to add this user into the KubeConfig. We assume the key and crt files are located here "/home/vagrant/work/".

First, we need to add new credentials
```
kubectl config set-credentials john --client-key=/home/vagrant/work/john.key --client-certificate=/home/vagrant/work/john.crt --embed-certs=true

```

Then, we need to add the context
```
kubectl config set-context john --cluster=kubernetes --user=john
```

To test it, change kubecontext to john
```
kubectl config use-context john
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this would work better as a new page in the Tasks section. In the Reference documentation, it's kind of OK to be terse.

Author: So, do you think I need to close this PR and then create new page under Task and resubmit another PR?

Reviewer 2: @fernandocyder you could amend this PR and edit the existing commit

It's also OK to disagree with the feedback I offered - if you think the original change is the right thing to make, you can add an explanation about that and it will help reviewers to decide.

Author: I believe leave it under this section, as it is related the same topic
